So the correct solution is i greater than or equal to one.
The reason is because we want this loop to keep going
for as long as i is still greater than or equal to one.
Remember that i now starts by three and it's decrementing one at a time.
So for our loop to continue looping,
we need our loop condition to say that as long as i is greater than or equal to one.
Because it starts at three,
three is greater than or equal to one,
so we'll print out three, will get decremented.
Two is still greater than or equal to one,
so we'll print out two and then it will get decremented.
And one is still greater than or equal to one,
so we'll print out one and then it will get
decremented and that means it will end up as zero.
So our condition should be as long as i is greater than or equal to one, keep looping.
Once it's no longer greater than or equal to one, we should stop.